some tutoring but up next floor with
jalen rose and all the mojo mania
Detroit's finest were out in full force
some even had some advice for their
squad they get cold beer might up it a
little bit stick around to check in
right now thanks Sal over on our nice
plasma with the guys covering the NBA
Finals for us hey javi on flat screen we
can see all your pores opening up 2005
technology okay I got to go to bestbuy
that's nice dude you're having the time
of your life on this row do you
understand yeah I'm big-time fun i'm
using you guys media pass real where
i'll get a chance to give back all
access to some of the heavy weights and
rub elbows so check out who I got a
chance to run into just right now
kid rock rock city and favorite Detroit
piston fan what you expect to see from
the whole town today good old fashioned
ass whippin right right are we gonna be
fit more physical manu ginobili tim
duncan and i are you gonna be letting
the fellas know they need to be a little
more physical i'll do my part a little
my voice is a little sore for my last
three shows but make a cold beer might
up it a little bit Tommy Amaker of the
greatest University on the map
university of michigan basketball coach
great to see you and what brings you out
tonight besides running for the home
team what you think is gonna happen well
I knew you auditioning you know your new
career you're doing very well but
excited for the Pistons the home team
we're so proud of you as a Michigan man
this is a big year for us and we wish we
had you for you final year of
eligibility that's what we need great
national anthem Stevie you got the fans
fired up yeah I know your Detroit piston
fan which you expect to see from the
team tonight and be incredible sending
me on to 129 and then to two and three
32 and then our game 7 to be over with
baby y'all heard it from Stevie this is
a team that's a lot thank you
along with the megan stewart park boxer
and yourself our icons in detroit sports
history any of the end of myself just a
little bit not like thomas to hit me her
loyal detroit pistons fan hitman father
thanks a lot
hey you doing a great job thank you get
it all together look at this I mean the
shirt and tie that's watching you in the
mod every Saturday morning I used to get
up and watch the show so yeah I'm a fan
so I had to play the part to try to look
the part thanks a lot compared to hockey
how can you get physical and basketball
and what's going to be the determining
factors far as physical play tonight
we're gonna knock that kid from
Argentina down on his blood I think
thank you very much your honor about
greatness Robert Parish from the top 50
players of all time when I was growing
up everybody always joked about how you
never smile so i gotta say a funny thing
for you who would you rather be on
tuesday morning which Michael Tyson or
Jackson you heard it from the chief
thanks a lot Gotti paper with the 50
greatest players of all time one of my
former teammates and I got it playful
Phil Jackson actually won six
championships what you think about
building a job you know when you get
away from the game of like myself you
know I'm here on the court usually start
to miss it a little bit and I think it's
great i mean i would love to see feel
back in the game coaching i think it's a
places he deserves to be and he just
brings good quality basketball to his
team and I think people enjoy watching
grammy award winner and Detroit's finest
Anita Baker very nice to see you today
hey you get a room for the home team I'm
sure I'm just here to watch and get it
done don't need a baker Detroit's finest
thank you very much Rose caught up in a
rapture true
got a media crush after this game is
crazy the winning teams like long so
what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna go hide
behind the podium and get the exclusives
let's make it alright what is your
favorite chant at a basketball game what
is your favorite chance
daddy what do you be screaming at your
dad when he's playing
call daddy
you heard it from the harness game for
able to play the game and he's
affectionately known in detroit as mr.
big shot Chauncey buh buh
congratulations on a great win in Game
three what did you decide you want to
take over um it was about that third
quarter we got a little stagnant and you
know I said most of time we get a little
stagger I kind of taking on my shoulders
to kind of take it over a little bit be
more aggressive can you talk about the
media crush on someone to talk stations
in particular they wanted to get on the
team's back after losing two games to a
touchdown Antonio team on a roll not
realizing the world traffic pistons were
coming back home for three straight
games I think the way we played you
might have a case for that but I know my
team I know what they're about Jalen you
do we got some competitive guys that
have won a World Championship and you
know I don't know if we're good enough
to win this thing but I you know I know
if we play hard and compete we got a
heck of a shot fittings are back look
for Game four Wow I will stamp is it's
only one person I missed I missed
marshall mathers AKA Eminem but i'm
gonna get him next game believe that
that's all right you know what game for
tomorrow night you get to cover him so
go pick them up then all right I got you